Extract setting up local docker registry from main tutorial (#45)
kyma-project/registry-proxy: docs/contributor/running-local-docker-registry.md

# Setup Local Docker Registry for Testing

> The instructions aim to setup a  Docker Registry running in the local docker context for testing purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a  Docker Registry running in the local Docker context for testing purposes.
```
